The goal of this project is the to make an app that will show the areas in Richmond that will be flooded after set amounts of rainfall. The webapp will let the user choose and compare different rainfall levels. The user will be able to zoom in or pan around Richmond to get a closer look at what buildings and streets will be flooded. The webapp will also allow for toggling on and off topographical views of the city. This project utilizes ARCgis Pro and Jupyter Notebook. Due to the nature of this project and the data being collected from free sources, a license for ARCgis Pro is the only thing needed to run the project. However, the external webapp version of the project can be viewed from any device for free


As of January 15th, 2021, the project has been completed. The webapp is fully functionally and being hosted off of Eris. Anyone can access the map as long as they have the link, and it works for both mobile and desktop users. Since a sponsor never got in contact with us, we were free to slightly deviate from the original plan and did not have any business requirements. The original plan was to make a 100% accurate flood simulation, but because of how extremely complex setting up all of the incline vectors and how computationally taxing it would be to cover an area as massive as Richmond, the project was simplified under the assumption that all run-off would gather around the lowest watershed. In Richmond's case, it was the Jame's river.

Although not as accurate as we originally envisioned because small pockets do not appear as flooded on the map, the presented map still shows a somewhat accurate depiction of where rain run-off would gather, alongside what areas it would flood.
